hacktoberfest-accepted (#7)
Figur8/treinamentoIonicTitan: README.md

> #  NoiteDev
> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/condessalovelace/mavenquickstart.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/condessalovelace/mavenquickstart) ![Quality Gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=br.com%3Amavenquickstart&metric=alert_status)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center">
  <a href="http://ant.design">
    <img width="800" src="./src/assets/prototype-001.png">
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center"> Ionic training for the titan devs! </h1>

```

> ## Welcome in my repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Welcome in my repository 
```
## Welcome to my repository

![prototype-003](./src/assets/prototype-003.png)

## Description 

> This project illustrates an example of a simple application for storing portuguese to english words with pouchDB, a free and offline database for learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project illustrates an example of a simple application for storing portuguese to english words with pouchDB, a free and offline database for learning.
```
This project illustrates an example of a simple application for storing words in Portuguese and your respective English translate using pouchDB, for be a free and offline database for learning.

## Demostration

![prototype-001](./src/assets/prototype-001.png) 
![prototype-002](./src/assets/prototype-002.png)

## What have at market ?

![prototype-004](./src/assets/prototype-004.png)

## What is ionic ?

> Is a set of tools for developing a hybrid application, they are: AngularJs, Html, CSS, Cordova, Js, TypeScript, SCSS among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is a set of tools for developing a hybrid application.
For more information read the [ionic documentation](https://ionicframework.com/docs)
```

## Training Scope

> The purpose of the training is to demonstrate basic things of the ionic, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the training is to demonstrate ionic basic usage, such as:
```

- Understand what it is __Ionic__, __Cordova__ and __Webview__.
- Create a project
- Create a page
- Create a service
- Use modules __Node.js__.
- Understand the utilization flow with __Angular__.
- Versionalize.
- Introduce in __TypeScript__.
- Use the __ionic serve__ to run the interface web of ionic.
- Persist data using the PouchDB.

## Starting

To run the project, you will need to install the following programs:

> - [Ionic: a toolkit, necessary to carry out the project] (https://ionicframework.com/)
> - [Nodejs: Required to create the project] (https://nodejs.org/en/)
> - [VS Code: For project development] (https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ionic: a toolkit, necessary to carry out the project](https://ionicframework.com/)
- [Nodejs: Required to create the project](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [VS Code: For project development](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
```

> ## Development
> 
> To start the development, it is necessary to clone the GitHub project in a directory of your choice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⌨️ Development

Use Gitpod, a free online dev environment for GitHub.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Figur8/treinamentoIonicTitan.git)
```

> 

Reviewer: Or use code locally using:

```

> cd "Diretory of your preference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd "Directory of your preference"
```

git clone https://github.com/Suspir0n/treinamentoIonicTitan.git
```

### Construction

> To build the project with Ionic, execute the commands below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute a ionic project, execute the commands below:
```

```
npm install -g ionic
```
The "-g" command will install the global __ionic__ on your system.

To start the project, run the next code:

```
ionic start trainingIonic tabs
```

The command "ionic start" will start your project, after it "trainingIonic" is the name of your project and finally the type of interface you will want from tabs, sidemenu, or blank.

Lastly:

```
cd trainingIonic
ionic serve
```

> The "ionic serves" command is to run your project and show it in your default browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "ionic serve" command is to run your project and show it in your default browser.
```

Don't forget about pouchDB:
```
npm install pouchdb
```

## Project structure

![prototype-005](./src/assets/prototype-005.png)

__OBS:__ This initial organization is the standard of the angular.

## WARNING

Add the following code in the file "polyfills.ts" so that it doesn't give an error when you crud your project.
```
(Window as any).global = window;
```

## Features

The project can be used as a template to start the development of a Javascript project using Nodejs. It also demonstrates in a practical way how to create a CRUD with PouchDB in ionic.

## Configuration

> To execute the project, it is necessary to use VsCode or an IDE of your preference, so that it identifies the dependencies necessary for execution in the repository. Once the project is imported, it will be possible to test its functionality in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the project, it is necessary to use  VS Code or an IDE of your preference, so that it identifies the dependencies necessary for execution in the repository. Once the project is imported, it will be possible to test its functionality in real time.
```

## Contributions

> Contributions are always welcome! I hope I have helped someone in need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are always welcome! I hope that it will help someone!

## Additional Information

If you want more details about each line of code, visit this site here

> - [Ismael Carvalho: Slide explaining each part of the code how it works] (https://slides.com/ismaelcarvalho/deck-1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ismael Carvalho: Slide explaining each part of the code how it works](https://slides.com/ismaelcarvalho/deck-1)
```

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://ant.design">

>     <img width="800" src="./src/assets/prototype-001.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img width="300" src="./src/assets/prototype-001.png">
```

  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center"> Ionic training for the <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/ufbatitan/"> titan devs! </a> </h1>

> ## Welcome to my repository
> 
> ![prototype-003](./src/assets/prototype-003.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Training Scope

The purpose of the training is to demonstrate ionic basic usage, such as:

- Understand what it is __Ionic__, __Cordova__ and __Webview__.
- Create a project
- Create a page
- Create a service
- Use modules __Node.js__.
- Understand the utilization flow with __Angular__.
- Versionalize.
- Introduce in __TypeScript__.
- Use the __ionic serve__ to run the interface web of ionic.
- Persist data using the PouchDB.

## Starting

To run the project, you will need to install the following programs:

- [Ionic: a toolkit, necessary to carry out the project](https://ionicframework.com/)
- [Nodejs: Required to create the project](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [VS Code: For project development](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

## ⌨️ Development

Use Gitpod, a free online dev environment for GitHub.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Figur8/treinamentoIonicTitan.git)
Or use code locally using:
```
cd "Directory of your preference"
git clone https://github.com/Suspir0n/treinamentoIonicTitan.git
```

### Construction

To build the project with Ionic, execute the commands below:

```

> npm install -g ionic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install -g ionic
ionic serve
```
